Q: Can you think of an analogy between the process of tesselating hexagons and randomly generating a world using rooms and hallways? 
What is the hexagon and what is the tesselation on the Project 3 side?

A:

I think the hexagon is the room and the hallway. The tesselation on the Project 3 side is that the rooms and hallways have to be connected.

Q: If you were to start working on world generation, what kind of method would you think of writing first? 
Think back to the lab and the process used to eventually get to tesselating hexagons.

A:

I would probably think of writing the code that help me draw one room starting at a certain bottom-left position first.

Q: What distinguishes a hallway from a room? How are they similar?

A:

The hallway only has a width of 1, while the room consists of an area of arbitrary size. They are similar in the sense that they both have walls that are visually distinct from floors.

Q: For tesselating hexagons, one of the hardest parts is figuring out where to place each hexagon/how to easily place hexagons on screen in an algorithmic way. 
After looking at your own implemention, consider the implementation provided near the end of the lab. 
How did your implementation differ from the given one? What lessons can be learned from it?

A:

My implementation was really similar from the given one. I can learn that creating helper methods is really useful in this project, and that I might want to try to think of many different ways to implement my world before actually writing the helper methods.

Q: Consider an algorithm for placing rooms and hallways on your map. 
Ideally, consider many algorithms and think about what makes some easier or harder to implement. Try and bring those ideas together into a single simple algorithm which accomplishes the task. 
In general, algorithms with as few edge cases as possible are better algorithms.

A: First, write a method that helps me draw a bunch of connected rooms and hallways in a column, and then select a random set of positions to start each column, and finally modify the rooms to add hallways to connect all columns together, just like what I did for this lab.
